# Craft Speedbump

A a11y compliant plugin for Craft CMS that displays a dialog to users when navigating off-site.

## Installation
1. Move the `speedbump` folder into your `craft/plugins` directory
2. Install the plugin in the Craft Control Panel

### Settings

#### Speedbump Text

The message that's displayed within the dialog.

#### Whitelist

The domains that are excepted from displaying the dialog. One per line. Currently only supports top-level domains. This is overridden by links with the 'require-speedbump' class, see Usage.

#### Proceed Button Text

The text for the button that allows a user to proceed.

#### Remain Button Text

The text for the button that closes the dialog.

### Usage

After installing the plugin and configuring the settings, add the template hook into your main _layout.html file:

`{% hook 'speedbump' %}`

 The dialog will automatically display for all links, with the exception of the current site URL and any domains in the whitelist.

To enforce the speedbump for a link, add a class of 'require-speedbump' and the speedbump will always display.

The plugin includes a basic CSS file and is fully accessible.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 STAPLEGUN

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
